---
title: "Sex Union and the Trade-Off Part I"
name: "Emma von Linné"
details: "INTERVIEW by Lizette Olofsson ILLUSTRATIONS by Marta Casagrande"
featuredImage: "../images/emma.jpg"
---

I am just about to give up on my interview with Emma von Linné. We had initially decided to meet up during a brief stay of hers in Stockholm but ultimately had to reschedule for a telephone interview instead. It appeared that work in Malmö and Gothenburg had come in between on her part. As for a planned photo session, it is left to reschedule for another time in Stockholm. "You have to be flexible", she warns me. Her "dates", as she calls her meetings with clients, always come first. Eventually while by the phone, and as hope is running out by the minute, she finally answers, sounding sleepy in the afternoon. "I was just about to call you", she lets me know.
 
Emma has been providing sexual services for almost 15 years. It all started in a popular chat room, provided by Aftonbladet, still today one of Sweden’s biggest newspapers. She recalls the chat room as being a dark realm where pretty much everything you can think of traded hands. There, she easily got in touch with her first client. Today she has her own professional website, decorated with explicit, yet sophisticated photos of herself. The terms of service are clearly listed, both regarding Emma’s fulfillment in addition to what is expected from the client. It is much like you would expect from any other service provider; policies about time/material, travel expenses and cancellation are brought forth. However, unlike most Sunday night’s e-shopping experiences, this one allows you to order not just a casual dinner but a session of anal sex or a threesome as well.
 
Emma speaks with conviction when she describes this being her dream job "I mean, I cannot stop talking about my job. It is amazing! I don’t see any other job providing me with such versatility, where no one day looks the same. It is something so pure and special, seeing a man go through such a positive transformation during our date. When I first meet a man, he might be shy or even afraid of women, but then I get to witness his transformation into a more confident and even comfortable version of himself, in a woman’s presence. It is so important with intimacy and physical contact", Emma holds. In 2017, she was one of the founders of Fuckförbundet (translating to "the Fuck Union") – a grassroots association by and for sex workers in Sweden. The Organisation is put on paus and has an uncertain future, due to internal difficulties. But it claimed to offer support and advocated for sex workers’ rights to self-determination, justice, safety and human rights.
